Pritan Barai - z5309086

* Week 1
    Introduced ourselves to each other and then highlighted our areas of expertise/interest (I noted my interest in frontend). Went through each project proposal and narrowed down a few we thought were feasible (P4-P12). Decided to take a week to reflect on each project and choose next week.
* Week 2
    Established on doing the Waiting Management System. Discussed project roles and I settled on being the Product Owner. Being in this role, I researched practical frameworks for us to use and then advocated for using a MERN stack. 
* Week 3
    Created a name and logo for our product (EzOrder). Assisted in outlining functional requirements and system design of the application. Created high fidelity wireframes of both desktop and phone variants of EzOrder, which were added to our proposal as customer, wait & kitchen staff and manager storyboards. 
* Week 4
    Constructed first functional components of the application (Sidebar, MenuCards) and ensured their responsiveness. Assigned CSS from React Bootstrap to Material UI going forward, due to larger component library.
* Week 5
    Completed Menu page template then connected it with backend to create menu items and categories. Worked on fixing bugs related to Sidebar and CSS styling. Presented Demo A and discussed improvements for Retrospective.
* Week 6
    Worked on completing Menu page for Sprint 2, adding the editing functionality to menu items and categories with a modal.
* Week 7
    Built OrderCard components and experimented with Grid/Masonry layouts for the Order page. Connected database to 
* Week 8
    Added order progressing functionality to orders. Worked with Raymond on attending to issues with order progression and sorting of list. Presented Demo B and was pleased with outcome.
* Week 9
    Designed Settings page to allow managers to edit/upload restaurant name, logo and  banner. Suggested improvements to database structure to simplify frontend logic.
* Week 10
    Reviewed feedback from Demo B and designed visually appealing landing and customer selection pages. Learned new Material UI design principles such as Stacks and more complex CSS, experiementing with fonts, shadows and a Typewriter feature. Helped with writing of final report 