Raymond Thi - z5358379

* Week 1
>Took lead of the group and asked everyone to talk about their experiences and skills. We then discussed what project we would do and the technologies we would potentially use. After this, we created a server for all of us to talk in. I also setted up the Jira as the Scrum Master.

* Week 2
>Selected the project and finalised scrum roles for everyone. I then delegated the tasks to everyone for the proposal that was due in about a week.

* Week 3
>Revised the user stories and put it in Jira. Distributed the user stories to each sprint and wrote pretty much everything user story / sprint related in the proposal. Also, worked on the external actors section.

* Week 4
> Planned out a database for us to run our web application with ease. Coded most of the required routes related to the manager and staff user stories.

* Week 5
> Completed all the user stories and presented the functionalties for Demo A. Organised the meeting for Retrospective A and wrote and submitted the report.

* Week 7
> Learnt frontend throughout the week and even made some screens. Fnished all the user stories that I had to do and also alerted the team that DemoB was due next week.

* Week 8
> After DemoB presentation, ran meeting for Retrospecitve B and submitted the report with the demo. After that, started Sprint 3 and finished the remaining user stories I was assigned.

* Week 9
> Finalised writing the functionality part of the report and checked in with team to see if we are scheduled to finish most user stories by Wednesday's tute. Ran a meeting about the final stretch, mainly about what everyone should do and allocation of tasks.
