Jeshnil Kumar - z5390780

* Week 1
>Formed groups, exchanged contacts details, discussed potential projects and what technologies we would be most comfortable with

* Week 2
>Finalised which project we will select as well as which technologies we will use. Researched setup for MERN stack as to how to put everything together (connect backend to frontend)

* Week 3
>After research in week 2 on technology stack, used the research in technology stack part of proposal. After setting up the git repo, and setting up the project to be all connected (frontend connected to backend and working with MongoDB), wrote implementation for login/logout functionality. 

* Week 4
>Implemented backend routes and basic frontend implementation for login, logout, register, update user profile. Including setting up database, userModel for general users. Implemented HTTP only cookies as a way to authenticate users with JWT. Implemented private routes, so that un-authenicated users cannot access routes they shouldn't have access to. Setup basic testing with Postman.

* Week 5
> Changed HTTP only cookie approach as cookieParser() from Express was causing issues for a member of the team. Switched to storing JWT token in localStorage and adjusted existing functionality to accomodate this change. Adjusted some components to use MUI as team agreeed to use MUI components (React-bootstrap was only listed as CSS framework). Researched methods on how to effectively test the backend and frontend using Jest. 

* Week 6
> Wrote backend functions to return an array of current pending table requests. Additionally, wrote functions to allow wait staff to update the state of table requests from 'pending' to 'assisting' and 'complete'. Adjusted Request model to contain the tableNumber and fixed some small general bugs on request and table implementations. Researched on the best way to do notifications as it involves continiously calling on the backend (WebSockets and SetInterval()). Developed custom nav item for staff to view table requests with functionality of red colour icon if pending requests. Adjusted some state logic to allow for notifications to only be called whilst logged in.

* Week 7
> Researched on how to ensure different components in different areas of virtual DOM in React can be aware of a state for the purpose of knowing if a user is logged in or not. Used createContext hook for this issue. 

* Week 8
> Wrote backend route to return an array of all current restaurants. Created responsive table and restaurant selection screen for customers. Wrote backend and frontend for it. Wrote backend for table de-select which is in the form of an exit button in the frontend, which also clears localStorage of customerInfo. Fixed some small errors and bugs in backend controller functions for tables for use in customer selection of tables and restaurant. Adjusted StaffScreen.jsx to only allow for two inputs of 'Kitchen Staff' and 'Wait Staff' when adding a staff member to the restaurant in the form a drop down menu. 

* Week 9
> Worked on user story of password reset, made an account for the team with GMail. Used NodeMailer to send emails to user email when they request an email and setup backend + database to hold a verification code the user must pass in to successfully reset their password. Added frontend form to request password reset. Fixed other issues from previous sprints where after deleting a staff member, the page required a hard refresh to view updated list of staff. Added table delete function and fixed backend bug for table delete. 

* Week 10
> Prepared for final demo, wrote backend libraries part for final report and one frontend library. Fixed some bugs and worked on adding some refreshing functionalities to relevant pages. Implemented protected routes for manager only pages, so if a non-manager user tries to access those pages, they get redirected to home. 